An FX made by BEHRINGER, DM100 DISTORTION MODELER
Attracted to its suggestive "MODE" name,
I bought without thinking.
Now, that ability will be like?
Add sound effects to this, but...
"DIST" knob increase in full, and listen carefully...
Sound effect is a slight leak.
First, "MODE D+"
It sounds not bad, but, DIST knob slightly lower...
Significantly reduced the effect.
When used, DIST konb is full blast!!!
Next, "MODE RAT"
Have been more mid-low-frequency output of than MODE D+
In this case, DIST knob slightly lower...
Significantly reduced the effect, too.
Say again, when used, DIST knob is full blast!!!!!
The last, "MODE DS1". Immediately switched, terrible noise!
Oh, too much effects for me!
Only in this case, a decrease in DIST knob, somthing it could use.
I think, Practical use, turn up DIST knob full.
I move TONE knob suitably. Plese keep watching for some time.
[ In "MODE D+", TONE knob is NOT effective.
I'm sorry for my wrong operation ]
How was it? When I use this pedal, DIST knob is full
up. I think "MODE RAT" suited to Solo play.